Issue 1203 - update docs to use configuration snippets (#1206)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-security: src/main/docs/guide/authenticationStrategies/jwt/jwtEncryption/jwtGeneratorEncryption.adoc

Setup a link:{api}/io/micronaut/security/token/jwt/signature/secret/SecretSignatureConfiguration.html[SecretSignatureConfiguration] through configuration properties

[configuration]
----
include::{testssecurityjwt}/signandencrypt/SignSecretEncryptRSASpec.groovy[indent=0, tag=yamlconfig]
pem:
  path: /home/user/rsa-2048bit-key-pair.pem #<2>
----

> - `generator.secret` names the Signature configuration `generator` to make it participate in JWT token generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Name the Signature configuration `generator` to make it participate in JWT token generation.
```
